Then, we try to slice,
and if you remember slicing is that we're going to reduce the dimensionality,
and we have already three here.
I want to make sure also you're not confused and thinking that this
is a dimension because this is actually the fact.
So, this is the cube and this would be the content of each cell in the cube, okay?
These are 3-dimensions, that's the fact.
So we slice, when we slice,
we are going actually to say where the movie rating is equal to PG-13.
When we have that, we fixed that,
so we still have three column,
but we're not counting this one because this one
became now only slicing for us, that cube.
So actually the actual relation we have now is
between the day and the city giving that the rating is constant.
So that's a slice.